Speak, people, beauty, we have one more.
video in which he got me and today
come back bringing you here
the hamburg 1930 symbol is taboo that arrives
here you can see the guy
It arrived very ugly for me series.
got very angry about it we're going there
let's see Here one of a cell
Nokia is the first summer boxing of
that the channel dealt with the
first left to 1920 already had until today
Until I pass, it 's beautiful, it's bigger and I can not
see right with the camera here but beauty
is very cute little box charger
and usb and cat did not carry a
computer
He does not come with a headset, is that it?
even if you come with headset
a deep pen of life in bed a lot
good to us for you see you have yours
the device interested in that here the
appliance
let's go here
very cool 12 year leds 20 camera
megapixels so it says nokia saw the
cuts to be able to pass the signal because
the aluminum it retains a strong signal
Serve coming 5 very beautiful too
focus damn thing is that now was the
phone on one side and the other if
record a mystery
Let's take the skin today, very handsome.
same
the button here lets you press and then I
Yes I am magic and if it was a
gift that gives me birthday since
I'm going to have a birthday tomorrow or are you?
trying to post this video still today
for you
in 2000 the same beauty proposition
begin
Accept, everyone accepts without taking
wifi connection 80 connect on the network
here is also common nowadays all
world wrong cube
Now, back to the team.
I think it's a half day and some
little thing
I do not have a passion not close to
contact and you will not see me
This phone is here for all I know
comes with windows 8.1 is very pretty much
show even squares the battery does not
Removable 9th
hello to take maximum care of your new phone
Team access point or both
bar analysis here to a boxer he is very
pretty
the back cover does not remove the battery
Inner night is like you saw here does not
you came nothing, I just thought it was bad
he sees that all this box is wrong but
do what if the appliance is good
beauty
I hope you enjoyed
share the video
today you want to see the demo
I'll show you later.
In a goal I want to teach a little bit of
do because kind of thing to power
give any type of comment or make
a review of me first for later
make a channel is a clothes a video speaks
Application Beauty Positive Negatives
of the construction she is always welcome is
Share on Facebook
it looks like it helps again sign up there
down here it was worth the coming
Message here and this is it waiting galera
I liked it until the next and such